
    The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
    He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
    The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
    Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
    Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
    They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
    She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
    A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
    The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
    A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
    Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
    Be careful with that butter knife.
    Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
    I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
    Love is not like pizza.
    Red is greener than purple, for sure.
    The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
    He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
    Flying fish few by the space station.
    Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
    The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
    The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
    You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
    She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
    His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
    The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
    Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
    He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
    The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
    Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
    He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
    It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
    She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
    He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
    He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
    The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
    He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
    If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
    She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
    It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
    He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
    No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
    Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
    Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
    Just go ahead and press that button.
    Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
    I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
    He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
    It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
    He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
    The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
    Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
    As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
    She found his complete dullness interesting.
    As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
    She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
    He shaved the peach to prove a point.
    They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
    Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
    Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
    There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
    This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
    I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
    He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
    Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
    Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
    I want more detailed information.
    It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
    She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
    She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
    It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
    Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
    Courage and stupidity were all he had.
    It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
    Combines are no longer just for farms.
    He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
    There's a reason that roses have thorns.
    Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
    I covered my friend in baby oil.
    Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
    People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
    He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
    Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
    Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
    his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
    The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
    Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
    The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
    The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
    He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
    You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
    When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
    After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
    She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
    He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
    She folded her handkerchief neatly.
    In that instant, everything changed.
    Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
    He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
    Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
    A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
    The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
    You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
    The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
    Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
    I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
    Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
    At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
    He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
    Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
    She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
    When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
    There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
    Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
    He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
    He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
    The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
    Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
    There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
    Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
    The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
    Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
    The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
    Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
    The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
    He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
    She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
    She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
    Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
    It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
    As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
    Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
    The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
    Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
    When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
    She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
    She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
    As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
    Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
    Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
    He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
    There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
    When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
    Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
    They were excited to see their first sloth.
    Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
    His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
    I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
    She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
    Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
    I covered my friend in baby oil.
    It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
    Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
    Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
    Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
    Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
    It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
    The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
    I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
    Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
    The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
    There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
    His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
    He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
    Red is greener than purple, for sure.
    Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
    The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
    Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
    She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
    Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
    He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
    It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
    He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
    Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
    There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
    Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
    The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
    She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
    They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
    Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
    Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
    I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
    A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
    Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
    The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
    Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
    Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
    The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
    Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
    I’m a living furnace.
    Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
    The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
    Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
    People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
    He created a pig burger out of beef.
    The mysterious diary records the voice.
    While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
    Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
    Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
    I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.




